ENGDOCS-1255 (#16834)
docker/docs: billing/faqs.md

Docker also sends an email notification `Action Required - Credit Card Payment Failed` with an attached unpaid invoice after each failed payment attempt. 

Once the grace period is over and the invoice is still not paid, the subscription is downgraded to a free plan and all paid features are disabled. 

## What billing-related emails will I receive from Docker Hub?

Docker Hub sends the following billing-related emails:

- Confirmation of a new subscription.

> - Every time an invoice is paid. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirmation of paid invoices. 
```

> - Every time an invoice is paid. 

Reviewer: Minor suggestions for parallelism

> - If the credit or debit card payment fails. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Notification of credit or debit card payment failures. 
```

> - If the credit or debit card on file is expiring soon or has expired. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Notifications of credit or debit card expiration. 
```
